#IdentityDemo


Identity 2.0 demo with web and win8 client example.

A demonstration sample to help learn Identity 2.0 based on the [article] (http://www.asp.net/web-api/overview/security/individual-accounts-in-web-api) "Individual Accounts in ASP.NET Web API"

##Differences between article and code generated by VS 2013 Update 2RC



###RegisterBindingModel
1. Uses "public string Email { get; set; }" rather than UserName...

###Strong passwords
1. include an upper case, numeral and special character

##What works
You can register an account with the SecondPage. Navigate from the main screen with the app bar button 'Navigate'
Enter an email address and _strong_ password. click/touch Register in appBar.

##Yet to be implemented or completed
the rest of it...

###Oddities

In the DataService while debugging, although the Register method works I can't hove over variables to see there content.
Adding them to watch results in a dreaded "The name '_whatEver_' does not exist in the current context"
If I inspect this. in the Locals Window I see the variables as IL names

+		CS$0$0002	{System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter<system.net.http.httpresponsemessage>}	System.Runtime.CompilerServices.TaskAwaiter<system.net.http.httpresponsemessage>
 -		IsCompleted	'CS$0$0002.IsCompleted' threw an exception of type 'System.NullReferenceException'	bool {System.NullReferenceException}
 -		base	{"Object reference not set to an instance of an object."}	System.SystemException {System.NullReferenceException}





###Questions
Should Register return a 201 Created? or does it use 200 and not return the created resource for security measure? Hence the 200?
